Clarify instance group documentation for ensemble (#7162)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/architecture.md

   response to the inference request with the tensors mapped to the ensemble
   output names.

Unlike other models, ensemble models do not support "instance_group" field in
the model configuration. The reason is that the ensemble scheduler itself
is mainly an event-driven scheduler with very minimal overhead so its

> almost never the bottleneck of the pipeline. For optimized throughput,
> make sure to optimize your pipeline using
> [Model Analyzer](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/model_analyzer)
> for best performance.

Reviewer: Re-wording suggestion
```suggestion
almost never the bottleneck of the pipeline. The composing models
within the ensemble can be individually scaled up or down with their
respective `instance_group` settings. To optimize your model pipeline
performance, you can use
[Model Analyzer](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/model_analyzer)
to find the optimal model configurations.
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion. Fixed.

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the update on my end, do you?

Author: Oops, looks like push failed. Should be available now.
